c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\obj\Debug\QuanLiThuVien.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\QuanLiThuVien.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\Native.QuanLiThuVien.manifest
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\QuanLiThuVien.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\QuanLiThuVien.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AppWebcam.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\OnBarcode.Barcode.BarcodeScanner.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\OnBarcode.Barcode.WinForms.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\AppWebcam.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\obj\Debug\Native.QuanLiThuVien.manifest
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\obj\Debug\QuanLiThuVien.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLiThuVien\QuanLiThuVien\obj\Debug\QuanLiThuVien.pdb
